Updates to Sheets API index (#365)
datacommonsorg/docsite: api/sheets/index.md

# Data Commons Sheets API

The **Data Commons Sheets API** is a Google Sheets add-on that enables Google Sheets users to import data from the Data Commons knowledge graph. The add-on provides an interface for finding a location’s unique Data Commons identifier ([DCID](glossary.html)), and some custom functions for importing data into a spreadsheet.

> **NOTE:**
> 
> For more information on DCIDs, refer to [Unique Identifiers (dcid)](https://docs.datacommons.org/bigquery/unique_identifiers.html).

Also read our [step-by-step guides](tutorials/) for more examples.

## Installing and Enabling the Sheets Add-On

Install and enable the Sheets add-on from Google Workspace Marketplace, as follows:

1. Install the Sheets add-on by clicking **[Google Workspace Marketplace](https://gsuite.google.com/marketplace/app/data_commons/454343067575)** .
2. Enable the Sheets add-on by clicking the Google Sheets **Extensions** menu, pointing to **Data Commons**, and then by clicking **Fill place dcids**.

> 3. Use the resulting sidebar that appears on the right side of the page to start [finding DCIDs](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_name.html) in the United States. You can close and reopen the sidebar at any time.

Reviewer: please use a relative path (i.e. drop https://docs.datacommons.org from the URL). this comment applies to all URLs in these PRs

Author: Ok

![Google Sheets menu bar](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_menu_bar.png)

> **NOTE:**
>
> None of the custom Data Commons Sheets functions (described below) will work in a given document until you have enabled the add-on by opening the **Fill place dcids** sidebar.

## Finding a Place’s DCID

> Data Commons’ Sheets add-on provides the ability to look up a location’s [DCID](/glossary.html#dcid), within the application by using the **Fill place dcids** feature. To use this feature to find a place’s DCID:

Reviewer 2: should we replace "location" with "place"?

Reviewer: good catch - done

1. Select the destination cell where you want to add a place’s [DCID](/glossary.html).

> 2. Click in the search box for the **Fill place dcids for selected cells** section.

Reviewer: Can we be more explicit about where this box is, like in the former text?

Author: I added some additions to the text. Please let me know what you think.

3. Start typing the name of the place you are searching for. From the drop-down menu, select the place you want, and its DCID appears in the cell that you selected. For example, the following image shows the place names that match “Hawaii”.
   ![Google Sheets search box](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_search_box.png)

Note that this feature currently only supports places in the United States.

## Introduction to the Sheets API Custom Functions

The Data Commons Sheets API includes the five formulas listed in the following table. Click the links in the table for detailed information on each formula.

| **Formula**                                                                                  | **Description**                           |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | [=DCGETNAME(dcids)](/api/sheets/get_name.html)                 | Returns the names associated with a DCID. |

Reviewer 2: Use "Retrieves" instead of "Returns" throughout?

Reviewer: good call - done

# Data Commons Sheets API

> The **Data Commons Sheets API** is a Google Sheets add-on that enables Google Sheets users to import data from the Data Commons knowledge graph. The add-on provides an interface for finding a location’s unique Data Commons identifier ([DCID](glossary.html), and some custom functions for importing data into a spreadsheet.

Reviewer: done

> **NOTE:**
> 
> For more information on DCIDs, refer to [Unique Identifiers (dcid)](https://docs.datacommons.org/bigquery/unique_identifiers.html).

Also read our [step-by-step guides](tutorials/) for more examples.

## Installing and Enabling the Sheets Add-On

Install and enable the Sheets add-on from Google Workspace Marketplace, as follows:

> 1. Install the Sheets add-on by clicking **[Google Workspace Marketplace](https://gsuite.google.com/marketplace/app/data_commons/454343067575)** (https://gsuite.google.com/marketplace/app/data_commons/454343067575).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Sheets add-on by clicking **[Google Workspace Marketplace](https://gsuite.google.com/marketplace/app/data_commons/454343067575)** .
```

2. Enable the Sheets add-on by clicking the Google Sheets **Extensions** menu, pointing to **Data Commons**, and then by clicking **Fill place dcids**.
3. Use the resulting sidebar that appears on the right side of the page to start [finding DCIDs](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_name.html) in the United States. You can close and reopen the sidebar at any time.

![](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_dc_sheets_menu.png)
Note that none of the custom Data Commons Sheets functions (described below) will work in a given document until you have enabled the add-on by opening the **Fill place dcids** sidebar.

## Finding a Place’s DCID

> Data Commons’ Sheets add-on ships with the ability to look up a location’s [DCID](https://docs.datacommons.org/glossary.html), within the application by using the **Fill place dcids** feature. To use this feature to find a place’s DCID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Commons’ Sheets add-on provides the ability to look up a location’s [DCID](https://docs.datacommons.org/glossary.html), within the application by using the **Fill place dcids** feature. To use this feature to find a place’s DCID:
```

1. Select the destination cell where you want to add a place’s [DCID](https://docs.datacommons.org/glossary.html).
2. Click in the search box for the **Fill place dcids for selected cells** section.
3. Start typing the name of the place you are searching for. From the drop-down menu, select the place you want, and its [DCID](https://docs.datacommons.org/glossary.html) appears in the cell that you selected. For example, the following image shows the place names that match “Hawaii”.
   ![](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_finding_dcid.png)

Note that this feature only supports places in the United States.

## Introduction to the Sheets API Custom Functions

The Data Commons Sheets API includes the five formulas listed in the following table. Click the links in the table for detailed information on each formula.

| **Formula**                                                                                  | **Description**                           |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | [=DCGETNAME(_dcids_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_name.html)                 | Returns the names associated with a DCID. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [=DCGETNAME(_DCIDs_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_name.html)                 | Returns the names associated with a DCID. |
```

Reviewer: Here and below

Reviewer: This change hasn't been made.

Author: I made all the dcids lowercase and removed the underscore characters to make them consistent with the rest of the pages.

| [=DCPLACESIN(_dcids_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/places_in.html)               | Retrieves child nodes                     |
| [=DCGET(_dcids_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_variable.html)                 | Returns statistical variables.            |
| [=DCPROPERTY(_dcids_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_property.html)            | Retrieves node property values.           |
| [=DCCOHORTMEMBERS(_dcids_)](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/get_cohort_members.html) | Gets the cohort members of a node.        |

See the links in the preceding table to subsequent pages in this section for detailed descriptions of each API.

## Sorting your Results

> To sort columns of data from the API, consider using Google Sheets “filter views” feature, which allows you to alphabetically and numerically sort and filter data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sort columns of data from the API, use the Google Sheets “filter views” feature, which allows you to alphabetically and numerically sort and filter data
```

Reviewer: This change hasn't been made

Reviewer: Drop the word "consider" since this is the only way to sort.

Author: I fixed it.
